Now let's add the same test for the gist.
So opening the sign up component, just as and just like we have in the karma test, we can wrap this
one with this gripe.
And the first describe is for the component signup component.
And in this one we will have second describe and this is for layout and just moving this it says sign
up Heather test into this one saving it.
Now in the output, we can see the sign up.
This is the first describe look.
Then we have the layout and under layout we have this.
It has sign up header test.
So let's add the other tests.
So.
First thing we have this, it has username input and this is going to be passing because we already
have the implementation.
But this was more about demonstration of how we can do the test in this one.
So we are going to render the sign up, then we are going to get the elements by the label.
We did that in the.
The other tests like this, we query the label.
We query the input.
Then we query the content of that label.
But with the testing library, we have the query function we are looking for, and that one is screen
get by label text.
So basically this is looking for the text, the label text on the page and we are looking for this username
and this is returning the the associated elements with this label.
So this is finding the label and returning back to the associated element with this label.
So we are receiving the input we are looking for and basically we can say we expect this to be in the
document.
Saving it.
So this one is pressing and adding test for email and we are looking for e mail and adding test for.
Password.
And password.
So.
So these are also passing.
Now we are going to check the password type.
Right here.
We were checking the type attribute of this input.
Now we will do the same thing.
So.
It has password type for password input.
And we are entering the component, we are getting the input element so we can assign it to a variable
right here.
And again, we have a matcher like this to be in the document.
We have another measure for checking the attributes of an element.
And it's like this we expect this input to have attribute and the attribute we are looking for is type
and we are looking for that type value to be password.
So saving this so this one is also passing.
Then let's continue with the.
Password repeat.
So we are looking for password.
Repeat.
And it has password type for password repeat input.
Again, we are getting the password repeat input.
Then check the type of it.
So these are passing, too.
And finally, we will check the button again, copying the first test.
Now we are looking for sign up button and this time we are looking for button roll.
But the text is same.
So let's change the variable name.
So this is going to be button and button to be in the document.
And our last test was this one.
It disables the button initially.
Just.
Just copying this test description.
So in this one, it disables button initially.
And we are rendering the component.
We are getting the button.
Then again, we are going to use just don't matter here.
We are expecting this button to be disabled.
So let's save this one.
And all the tests are passing.